Backup run utility script (#277)
neptune-ai/examples: utils/migration_tools/backup_neptune/README.md

> # Backup run metadata from Neptune

Reviewer: Verb

```suggestion
# Back up run metadata from Neptune
```

> This script allows you to download run metadata from Neptune to your system. Please note that this script is currently in beta, and we welcome your feedback and contributions to help improve it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this script to download run metadata from Neptune to your system. Note that this script is currently in beta, and we welcome your feedback and contributions to help improve it.
```

## Prerequisites

Before using this script, make sure you have the Neptune environment variables set up. For instructions, see the [documentation](https://docs.neptune.ai/setup/setting_credentials/).

## Instructions

To use the script, follow these steps:

> 1. Run `bulk_download_metadata.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the `bulk_download_metadata.py` script.
```

> 1. The `bulk_download_metadata.py` script will generate run logs in the same folder as itself. You can modify this location by editing the `logging.basicConfig()` function.

Reviewer: My point was that this is not exactly a step, but information and some optional preconfig. I'd just move this to the top of the section and have the ordered steps start from running the script.

Author: Lemme know if it looks better now

> 1. The script will generate run logs in the same folder as `bulk_download_metadata.py`. You can modify this location by editing the `logging.basicConfig()` function.

Reviewer: Can this step follow the first one? If not, let's reformat this a bit.

Author: Precede the first step, you mean? Yes

> 1. Run `bulk_download_metadata.py`.
> 1. The script will generate run logs in the same folder as `bulk_download_metadata.py`. You can modify this location by editing the `logging.basicConfig()` function.

Author: ```suggestion
1. The script will generate logs in the same folder as the script. You can modify this location by editing the `logging.basicConfig()` function.
1. Run the `bulk_download_metadata.py` script.
```

> 1. Run the `bulk_download_metadata.py` script.
> 1. The script will generate run logs in the same folder as `bulk_download_metadata.py`. You can modify this location by editing the `logging.basicConfig()` function.

Author: ```suggestion
1. The `bulk_download_metadata.py` script will generate run logs in the same folder as itself. You can modify this location by editing the `logging.basicConfig()` function.
1. Run the `bulk_download_metadata.py` script.
```

1. Enter the download path where you want the metadata to be downloaded.
1. Indicate if you want remotely tracked artifacts to be downloaded.

> 1. Enter the projects you want to download the run metadata from.

Reviewer: Maybe it's not obvious how to enter the project paths? We could link to this: https://docs.neptune.ai/setup/setting_credentials/#project-name

Author: The script will print all accessible projects to the console. The names can be copied from there. 
I'll add this info

> 1. Enter the projects you want to download the run metadata from.

Author: ```suggestion
1. All eligible projects will be displayed in the console. Enter the projects you want to download the run metadata from.
```

# Back up run metadata from Neptune

You can use this script to download run metadata from Neptune to your system. Note that this script is currently in beta, and we welcome your feedback and contributions to help improve it.

## Prerequisites

Before using this script, make sure you have
1. the Neptune environment variables set up. For instructions, see the [documentation](https://docs.neptune.ai/setup/setting_credentials/).
2. `tqdm` installed using `pip install -U tqdm`

## Instructions

The script will generate run logs in the same folder as `bulk_download_metadata.py`. You can modify this location in the `logging.basicConfig()` function.

To use the script, follow these steps:

1. Run `bulk_download_metadata.py`.
1. Enter the download path where you want the metadata to be downloaded.
1. Indicate if you want remotely tracked artifacts to be downloaded.

> 1. All eligible projects will be displayed in the console. Enter the projects you want to download the run metadata from.

Reviewer: One last thing. Since we offer the steps here, let's make it crystal clear how to enter the project name.

```suggestion
1. All projects you have access to are displayed in the console. Enter the projects you want to download the run metadata from.

    Example: `ml-team/classification ml-team/image-segmentation`
```

Author: Projects are entered as comma-separated-values, without spaces
Example: `ml-team/classification,ml-team/image-segmentation`
